the biggest type of problem that I deal with our behavioral problems in
the Navy. You have such a wide variety of people. You have people
from down south. You have New Yorkers. You have people that have a slight
racist twinge that you try toe, you know, modify and say, Hey,
you know what this is? We don't work that way. Here, let me help you.
Um, you have some people that are go getters and superstars that,
um, should are gonna go all the way up to see, you know, if you let
them, um yeah, all the ah wide range of people that you have to, um
You have to get them to feel that the way, the way that Navy feels
the best way I can say this is that somewhere in the middle of boot
camp, um, there's a first class out there he was explaining to all of
us. You know what he pointed to the whole entire room. You know, we
don't know where you've been. We don't know where we've come from.
Some of you have had a hard life. Some of you have had some of you
have had an easy life. Um, but no matter what, you all your own navy
right now, and we have to make sure that you I understand those core
values honor, courage and commitment, uh, in whatever you do. So my
job is a chief is to make sure that everything that comes from all
of my sailors, um, attribute those values.